Title: Broccoli Stir Fry with Ginger and Sesame
Description: 
Source: Simply Recipes
Original URL: http://www.simplyrecipes.com/recipes/broccoli_stir_fry_with_ginger_and_sesame/
Yield: Serves 4.
Active: 
Total: 
Categories: curries
Image: https://cdn2.pepperplate.com/recipes/3242360.jpg
Ingredients:
	1 Tbsp sesame seeds
	1/2 cup chicken stock (or vegetable stock for vegetarian option)
	1 Tbsp soy sauce (use gluten-free soy sauce for gluten-free option)
	1 Tbsp dark sesame oil
	Peanut, canola, or grapeseed oil, or some other high smoke-point cooking oil
	1 pound broccoli florets, rinsed, patted dry, cut into bite-sized pieces
	2 cloves of garlic, minced (about 1 Tbsp)
	1 Tbsp minced fresh ginger

Instructions:
	Toast the sesame seeds by first heating a small, stick-free sauté pan on medium heat. Add the sesame seeds and jiggle the pan so they spread out in a single layer. Let them cook until lightly browned, stirring occasionally, about 3-5 minutes. Do not walk away from them while cooking, as once they start to brown they can easily burn. Once lightly toasted remove from heat and put into a small bowl, set aside.
	Mix the stock, soy sauce, and dark sesame oil together in a small bowl, set aside.
	Heat 1 Tbsp of peanut (or canola or grapseed) oil in a large, covered sauté pan on medium high heat. Add the broccoli florets, stir to coat the florets with the oil, Sauté for about a minute. Clear a space in the middle of the broccoli and add the ginger and garlic. Add a little more oil to the ginger and garlic (about a teaspoon) and sauté for half a minute, stirring just the garlic and ginger, until fragrant. Then stir the garlic and ginger in with the broccoli.
	Add the chicken (or vegetable) stock mixture to the pan. Bring to a simmer, reduce the heat and cover. Let cook for 2-3 minutes, until broccoli is still firm, but can be pierced with a fork. Remove from heat. Remove broccoli with a slotted spoon to a bowl. Return pan to heat, increase heat to high and boil down the liquid until just a couple tablespoons remain. Turn off heat, return broccoli to the pan, add the toasted sesame seeds, toss with the liquid. Put into a serving bowl.

