Title: Cheeky Chilli-Pepper Chutney 
Description: 
Source: Jamie Oliver
Original URL: 
Yield: 
Active: 
Total: 
Categories: side dish, jamie oliver
Image: https://cdn2.pepperplate.com/recipes/0d139033eeb34ba99b33dcff84bd852a.jpg
Ingredients:
	8 to 10 fresh red chillies
	8 ripe red peppers
	olive oil
	2 medium red onions, peeled and chopped
	1 sprig fresh rosemary, leaves picked and chopped
	2 bay leaves
	1 x 5 cm stick cinnamon
	sea salt
	freshly ground black pepper
	100 g brown sugar
	150 ml balsamic vinegar

Instructions:
	If you want your chutney to last for a while, make sure you have some small sterilised jars ready to go. Place your chillies and peppers over a hot barbecue, in a griddle pan or on a tray under a hot grill, turning them now and then until blackened and blistered all over. Carefully lift the hot peppers and chillies into a bowl (the smaller chillies won't take as long as the peppers so remove them first) and cover tightly with cling film. As they cool down, they'll cook gently in their own steam. By the time they're cool enough to handle, you'll be able to peel the skin off easily.
	When you've got rid of most of the skin, trimmed off the stalks and scooped out the seeds, you'll be left with a pile of nice tasty peppers and chillies. Finely chop by hand or put in a food processor and whiz up. Then put to one side.
	Heat a saucepan and pour in a splash of olive oil. Add the onions, rosemary, bay leaves and cinnamon and season with a little salt and pepper. Cook very slowly for about 20 minutes or so, until the onions become rich, golden and sticky.
	Add the chopped peppers and chillies, the sugar and the vinegar to the onions and keep cooking. When the liquid reduces and you're left with a lovely thick sticky chutney, season well to taste. Remove the cinnamon stick and the bay leaves. Either spoon into the sterilised jars and put them in a cool dark place, or keep in the fridge and use right away. In sterilised jars, the chutney should keep for a couple of months.

